# BUTTS
## And uploading files to S3

### Reading
* [heroku docs](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/s3-upload-python)

### Prereqs:
1. Policy Doc
2. form
3. AWS secret key
4. AWS access key id

The _policy doc_ must have fields correspoding to (most of) each of the
fields on the upload form.

### Form Fields:
* awsaccesskeyid
* policy _base64 encoded policy_
* signature _sha1 hmac of b64'd policy with aws secret as the key_
* content-type
* content-length
* key _name used to reference the file after upload to s3_
* bucket _the name of the target s3 bucket_
* acl _acl keyword, public-read for instance_
* success\_action\_redirect _fully qualifed url for aws to use as a redirect on upload_

## What about handling shit back home?
The workflow goes like this:

1. user nav to /dashboard/profile
2. js on profile makes ajax to get policy doc
3. flask generates and signs policy doc
    1. set date on policy dict
    2. json.dumps policy dict
    3. base64 encode policy dict
    4. gen sha1 from base64 policy dict
4. signed policy, policy sent back to client
5. js creates post form as FormData object
6. js sets policy, signature on fd
7. js sets Form Fields on fd
8. FileUpload consumes fd and file from file input on page
9. POST file and associated fd data fields to s3
10. s3 sends some shit back
    `303 see other`

### See this handy excerpt
#### from [here](http://doc.s3.amazonaws.com/proposals/post.html#Dealing_with_Success)
> Dealing with Success
> 
> By default, Amazon S3 will return an empty document with the status code of 200 when an object is successfully uploaded.
> 
> Developers may choose to change this behavior by specifying a full URL within the redirect form field. If specified, on successful uploads, Amazon S3 will redirect users with a 303 to this URL and it will contain the following query string parameters:
> 
> Parameter   Description
> bucket   Name of the bucket the object was uploaded to.
> key  Name of the key that identifies the object.
> etag     ETag of the object.
> Note: If there is a problem interpreting the URL, Amazon S3 will ignore the redirect field.
> 
> Please note that the redirect is not guaranteed to be followed. It is possible that an upload would succeed, but that a networking problem on the end-users network prevents them from following the redirect. It is also possible that in certain failure conditions, that a file is actually uploaded but you are not notified about the upload.
> 
> Example
> 
> If you wanted to redirect your customers to http://johnsmith.s3.amazonaws.com/successful_upload.html, you would do this:
> 
> `<input type="hidden" name="redirect" value="http://johnsmith.s3.amazonaws.com/successful_upload.html" >`
> If a user uploaded the key image.jpg to the johnsmith bucket, they would be redirected to: `http://johnsmith.s3.amazonaws.com/successful_upload.html?bucket=johnsmith&key=image.jpg&etag=7ebcf2ee3b4dd720466bc4b85c63b54e`.
> 
> Note: The policy document also needs to reflect the redirect field.

---------
